INTRODUCTION

What are the four most important things in life no one has taught you ?
  If you pick people randomly off the street and ask them what the four most important things in their life are , a - 1-1 of them ( based on international research ) will give you the same four answers :
1. Love
2.Wealth
3. Happiness

4. Health
Not necessarily in this order or phrasing , but the four things most important to all of us are :
1. To be loved by others ( this notion includes family members , part- ners , friends , etc. ) 2. To have enough money to live the life we want 3. To be happy , content and fulfilled 4. To be healthy , energetic and strong
Great. Now there's only one problem - no one has ever taught us in any educational framework or " formal " life track how to obtain happiness , love , health and money ! Not in pre - school , not in elementary school , and not in college or university ( if you hold an academic degree. ) Here and there , we've 10 THE 21ST CENTURY SALES BIBLE
picked up some insights , knowledge and tools from a teacher , parent or another type of educator. But in an institutionalized manner , no one has ever taught us how to find the right partner for us , how to make people love us , how to make money , how to live a life of value , how to eat or sleep well and so on and so forth. When in fact , these are the most important things in life for us ! Most people discover this gap between what they were taught in their formal schooling and what they need or what is important in life only at a later stage , after they've completed their formal studies.
I'll give two short examples.
The first example : I'm an economist , I studied for my B.A. in Eco- nomics for three years , and no professor ever taught me marketing in any course. I never even heard the word " money " during my degree ( in Economics ! ) , aside from learning theoretical economic models. How are people who have completed their academic education and opened a business supposed to know how to make money ? The second example : I'm also an attorney. I studied for my B.A. in Law for four years ( while studying for my B.A. in Economics ) and no one ever taught me how to speak in court , how to write a legal claim or how to negotiate. How is an attorney , who's completed all the theoretical legal stud- ies , supposed to manage in the competitive legal and business world without being given any practical tools for working with clients and judges ? I can give more examples , but the question now is , " What should one do ? " Meaning , what do people do when they discover this gap and realize something is missing in their life - money , health , happiness , love or all four - and don't know how to obtain them ( because nobody taught them ? ) This is where " non - formal " education comes in through
DR. YANIV ZAID 11
workshops , conferences , books , consultation , and / or coaching from experts in the field , from private settings. In this way , people can " make up " for the gaps and obtain the knowledge that was " withheld " from them in formal institutions. In my books and work with clients , I address two highly important needs :
1. Improving your relationships with others - by learning how to speak before an audience , how to be persuasive and how to be skilled in interpersonal communication. 2. Increasing your income by learning how to market , how to negotiate , how to sell and how to make business and sales presentations.
I have three pieces of good news- Firstly , any gap you have in life whether it involves love , romantic relationships , other relationships , money , marketing health , happi- ness , etc. , there's always someone out there who can teach you. You just have to go and look for that teacher. Secondly , if you yourself supply services or products that provide people with solutions in one of these four areas - love , money , health and happiness - that is , if you are , for example a coach , business con- sultant , therapist , marriage counselor , broker , marketing consultant , etc. , you should be very pleased with yourself. Why ? Because you're properly addressing a genuine need shared by many people , you have a lot of potential clients. And as long as the " formal " educational frameworks continue to overlook these topics in their syllabuses , you will always have a lot of work. Most of you haven't even begun to tap into your marketing , business
